# code
 All provided scripts can be executed in a Jupyter Lab environment.
 
### PRE-REQUISITES (Reproducible Code)
 To ensure the reproducibility of our results, we have provided a virtual environment. Before opening and executing any analyses files, please ensure to run one of the following scripts, depending on your computer's OS/ command shell:
* [_create_virtual-env_Windows.ipynb](_create_virtual-env_Windows.ipynb)
* [_create_virtual-env_AppleIOS.ipynb](_create_virtual-env_AppleIOS.ipynb)
* [_create_virtual-env_bash.ipynb](_create_virtual-env_bash.ipynb)

 If the script was successfully run, you should see a new folder `RadTMSR_env`, storing the module versions that were used by the authors (imported from [requirements.txt](requirements.txt). When running the analyses scripts, please make sure that the script's kernel are set to `RadTMSR_env`. A tutorial on how to manually select a kernel can be found e.g. [here](https://doc.cocalc.com/howto/jupyter-kernel-selection.html).
 
## Main Analyses Scripts
 All performed analyses steps (pre-processing, pruning, term classifications, sstatistical analyses, visualisations) for `Study 1 (Keywords)` and `Study 2 (Abstracts)` were performed using the following two scripts:
* [Study1_keywords_analysis.ipynb](Study1_keywords_analysis.ipynb)
* [Study2_abstracts_analysis.ipynb](Study2_abstracts_analysis.ipynb)
 
 Both scripts involve the following files and folders:
 [RTMR_Output](RTMR_Output). Stores all the outputs (data files, visualisations) generated by the analyses scripts.
 [Word_functions](Word_functions). Includes a number of python and R scripts containing auxillary functions. These scripts are imported in the main analyses files and thus do not need to be executed individually.
 [Exclusion_def.xlsx](Exclusion_def.xlsx). Stores terms that are excluded from the frequency and co-occurrence analyses. Available for re-use.
 [TMSR_dictionary.py](TMSR_dictionary.py). A python dictionary used to group synonyms and similar terms. Available for re-use.
 [asreview_dataset_relevant_Radicalization.xlsx](asreview_dataset_relevant_Radicalization.xlsx). Excel sheet containing the "raw" data after screening and duplicate exclusion.